*: change API document's update method (#2337)
pingcap/pd: .github/pull_request_template.md

Code changes

 - Has configuration change

>  - Has HTTP API interfaces change (Don't forget to [declarative comment API document](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/blob/master/docs/development.md#updating-api-documentation))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Has HTTP API interfaces change (Don't forget to [add the declarative comment for API](https://github.com/pingcap/pd/blob/master/docs/development.md#updating-api-documentation))
```
